Go Won: Yellow school uniform! It’s our unit’s uniform~
Go Won: Here is a yellow wall!
Go Won: You might not know who is standing here, right?
Go Won: Even my hair is yellow~
(She is trying her best to hide in there, but we definitely know who’s there!)
(And here comes Olvia Hye with a yellow school uniform!)
Yves: As you see, Olivia Hye and Go Won is doing the last photo shoot for today
Yves: with our signature yellow school uniform on!
Yves: Olivia Hye looked awkward at first...
Yves: But she got used to it and now she seems relaxed.
Chuu: Look at that!
#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ/Go Won - One&Only”
Chuu: I want to wear that because I haven’t worn in a long time!
Yves: Do you know ‘Principal Bernoulli Ench’ from Crayon Shin Chan?
Go Won: Ah~
Go Won: Really!
Yves: This clothes look like Principal’s
Yves: Turn around, please~
Yves: So we’re Unit Principals~
Go Won: Unit Principals from Cryaon Shin Chan
Chuu: Unit Principals?
Yves: We need to hurry. Cause we’re going to make Olivia Hye laugh!
(All the girls are ready to make her laugh!)
Chuu: Okay. Where is she?